openmrs-module-TrumpModule
==========================

A module containing XACML-based risk-aware access control and trust management from the [TRUMP project](http://www.trump-india-uk.org).

Description
-----------
This module provides some capabilities and changes the default behaviour of OpenMRS in a number of ways. Presently, it adds XACML-based access control, and a number of REST web services for manipulating policies and the obligations generated by them.

Building from Source
--------------------
You will need to have Java 1.6+ and Maven 2.x+ installed.  Use the command 'mvn package' to 
compile and package the module.  The .omod file will be in the omod/target folder.

Alternatively you can add the snippet provided in the [Creating Modules](https://wiki.openmrs.org/x/cAEr) page to your 
omod/pom.xml and use the mvn command:

    mvn package -P deploy-web -D deploy.path="../../openmrs-1.8.x/webapp/src/main/webapp"

It will allow you to deploy any changes to your web 
resources such as jsp or js files without re-installing the module. The deploy path says 
where OpenMRS is deployed.

Installation
------------
1. Build the module to produce the .omod file.
2. Use the OpenMRS Administration > Manage Modules screen to upload and install the .omod file.

If uploads are not allowed from the web (changable via a runtime property), you can drop the omod
into the ~/.OpenMRS/modules folder.  (Where ~/.OpenMRS is assumed to be the Application 
Data Directory that the running openmrs is currently using.)  After putting the file in there 
simply restart OpenMRS/tomcat and the module will be loaded and started.

Policy File Locations
---------------------
The XACML access control component makes use of policies in XML format. These are expected to be located in the OpenMRS web application folder. For the standalone OpenMRS installation (which we assume most users will use), please copy the `policies\top_level_policies` and `policies\user_policies` folders to the root directory of the standalone OpenMRS installation folder.